The other side shall be heard as well.
The greatest wealth is a poverty of desires.
Things stand outside of us, themselves by themselves, neither knowing anything of themselves nor expressing any judgment.
Leisure without books is death, and burial of a man alive.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time. The twining strands of fate wove both of them together.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The part of life we really live is small.’ For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time..
Demand not that things happen as you wish, but wish them to happen as they do, and you will go on well.
It is better to conquer our grief than to deceive it.
This is the mark of perfection of character—to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending.
We don’t get to choose what happens to us, but we can always choose how we feel about it. And why on earth would you choose to feel anything but good?
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have.
Hugs are like boomerangs – you get them back right away.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
You are a little soul carrying around a corpse.
That man lives badly who does not know how to die well.
Ignorance is the cause of fear.
Where the head goes, the body follows. Perception precedes action. Right action follows the right perspective
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
Those who have subdued their ego understand that it doesn’t degrade you when others treat you poorly; it degrades them.
Try to enjoy the great festival of life.
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.
Anger always outlasts hurt. Best to take the opposite course.
We should always be asking ourselves - is this something that is, or is not, in my control?
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master; he can anger you only when you permit yourself to be disturbed by him.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.
The wise man will live as long as he ought, not as long as he can.
I am not born for one corner; the whole world is my native land.
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.
I shut my eyes in order to see.
Reflect upon your present blessings—of which every man has many—not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Everything terrible is something that needs our love.
It’s not about being perfect. It’s not about where you get yourself in the end. There’s power in allowing yourself to be known and heard, in owning your unique story, in using your authentic voice.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Falling is one of the ways of moving.
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return.
The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.
Where there's life there's hope.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
We need to remember what's important in life: friends, waffles, work. Or waffles, friends, work. Doesn't matter, but work is third.
Truth is so rare, it is delightful to tell it.
You can’t cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Absolutely unmixed attention is prayer.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Success isn’t about how your life looks to others. It’s about how it feels to you.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again.
People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within.
Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before.
I am grateful for what I am and have. My thanksgiving is perpetual.
What we really need is to realize how little we really need.
You can make anything by writing.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
There is the strange power we have of changing facts by the force of the imagination.
Well done is better than well said.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Procrastination is the thief of time, collar him.
You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.
I can, therefore I am
This will be our reply to violence: to make music more intensely, more beautifully, more devotedly than ever before.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
You don’t need more to be happy, you need less distraction from what truly matters.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
In true love, you attain freedom.
There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees.
Truth is a matter of the imagination.
We’re all mad here.
True love stories never have endings.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages.
The antidote for fifty enemies is one friend.
Shut your eyes and see.
It's as much fun to scare as to be scared.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
We will fail when we fail to try.
The only way to do it is to do it.
Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product of a life well-lived.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
I don't like work--no man does--but I like what is in the work--the chance to find yourself. Your own reality--for yourself not for others.
Life did not intend to make us perfect. Whoever is perfect belongs in a museum.
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart’s affections, and the truth of imagination.
Stories do not end.
The plan is to fan this spark into a flame.
Each of us is responsible for everything and to every human being.
If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse.
Curiouser and curiouser!
Self-knowledge is no guarantee of happiness, but it is on the side of happiness and can supply the courage to fight for it.
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
I believe one writes because one has to create a world in which one can live.
I don’t believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.
How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure.
To be creative means to be in love with life. You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it.
Laughter is the language of the soul.
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine, and at last, you create what you will.
It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Think for yourself and let others enjoy the privilege of doing so too.
We don’t ask to be eternal beings. We only ask that things do not lose all their meaning.
Don’t die without embracing the daring adventure your life was meant to be.
You must go on adventures to find out where you truly belong
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
There is a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in.
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.
It is not joy that makes us grateful; it is gratitude that makes us joyful.
We tend to forget that happiness doesn’t come as a result of getting something we don’t have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have.
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
Constantly talking isn’t necessarily communicating.
Happiness is a state of activity.
The soul always knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind.
There is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good humor.
If you want peace, stop fighting. If you want peace of mind, stop fighting with your thoughts.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Nobody likes a clown at midnight.
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
Someday is not a day of the week.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
The joy we feel has little to do with the circumstances of our lives and everything to do with the focus of our lives.
Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
When you’ve worked hard, and done well, and walked through that doorway of opportunity, you do not slam it shut behind you.
When you are present, you can allow the mind to be as it is without getting entangled in it.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Compassion directed toward oneself is true humility.
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself.
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the assessment that something else is more important than fear.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
The desire to reach for the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Instead of trying to make your life perfect, give yourself the freedom to make it an adventure.
To practice any art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow. So do it.
You’ll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart.
Dare to think!
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
There’s no place like home.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
The sun is a daily reminder that we too can rise again from the darkness, that we too can shine our own light.
Think... of the world you carry within you.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Courage, dear heart.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.
We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.
How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Failure is an important part of your growth and developing resilience. Don’t be afraid to fail.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Do not wait; the time will never be ‘just right.’ Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.
An artist discovers his genius the day he dares not to please.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
When it comes to luck, you make your own.
Just because no one else can heal or do your inner work for you doesn’t mean you can, should, or need to do it alone.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Till I loved I never lived.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion.
The world is but a canvas to our imagination.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.
Remember this, whoever you are, however you are, you are equally valid, equally justified and equally beautiful.
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age.
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself.
There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Not all those who wander are lost.
The more you know yourself, the more you seek inner peace.
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.
To me, the moral of the story was that there will always be hurdles in life, but if you want to achieve a goal, you must continue.
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old.
The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love.
Till I loved I never lived.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
Believe only half of what you see and nothing that you hear.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
The more you know, the more you know you don't know.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short.
Imagination is the soul’s happiest retreat.
Nothing shows a man's character more than what he laughs at.
Art is not a mirror held up to reality but a hammer with which to shape it.
I was smiling yesterday, I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow. Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
One's destination is never a place, but a new way of seeing things.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.
If you don’t get out there and define yourself, you’ll be quickly and inaccurately defined by others.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.
Never measure the height of a mountain until you reach the top. Then you will see how low it was.
Love is most nearly itself\nWhen here and now cease to matter.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
No work is insignificant. All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Lost time is never found again.
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable.
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
When I dare to be powerful — to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
You're only given a spark of madness. You musn’t lose it.
Unable are the loved to die. For love is immortality.
If there’s one thing I’ve learned in life, it’s the power of using your voice.
He who has overcome his fears will truly be free.
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.
Wars not make one great
Happiness is the secret to all beauty. There is no beauty without happiness.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Sometimes, you’ve got to let everything go—purge yourself. If you are unhappy with anything…whatever is bringing you down, get rid of it. Because you’ll find that when you’re free, your true creativity, your true self, comes out.
If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like
Set peace of mind as your highest goal, and organize your life around it.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.
You can't make decisions based on fear and the possibility of what might happen.
Somewhere between the bottom of the climb and the summit is the answer to the mystery why we climb.
No opinion is worth burning your neighbor for.
That's what I consider true generosity: You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Do or do not. There is no try.
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
Your story is what you have, what you will always have. It is something to own.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.
Creativity is not a talent. It is a way of operating.
Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.
So whatever you want to do, just do it... Making a damn fool of yourself is absolutely essential.
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man’s life.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Inspiration usually comes during work, rather than before it.
Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self.
There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
You can only come to the morning through the shadows.
Going in one more round when you don’t think you can. That’s what makes all the difference in your life.
People have stars, but they aren't the same. For travelers, the stars are guides. For other people, they're nothing but tiny lights.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Doors are for people with no imagination.
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn’t lose it.
If you’re not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Our heart always transcends us.
I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.
Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them.
The Heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care.
Imagining something may be the first step in making it happen, but it takes the real time and real efforts of real people to learn things, make things, turn thoughts into deeds or visions into inventions.
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking.
Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward. They may be beaten, but they may start a winning game.
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.
Do not whine... Do not complain. Work harder. Spend more time alone.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude.
Every day it gets a little easier… But you gotta do it every day — that’s the hard part. But it does get easier.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
If you fall in love with the imagination, you understand that it is a free spirit. It will go anywhere, and it can do anything.
Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Love doesn’t make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
Your writing is never as good as you hoped; but never as bad as you feared.
If we were meant to stay in one place, we would have roots instead of feet.
Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you.
They say: Think twice before you jump. I say: Jump first and then think as much as you want!
Destiny is what you are supposed to do in life. Fate is what kicks you in the ass to make you do it.
We must not wish for the disappearance of our troubles but for the grace to transform them.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
But it is one thing to read about dragons and another to meet them.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you.
It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
It's not enough to be nice in life. You've got to have nerve.
Every traveler has a home of his own, and he learns to appreciate it the more from his wandering.
A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul.
You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn’t exist.
Nothing is less productive than to make more efficient what should not be done at all.
If we go down into ourselves, we find that we possess exactly what we desire.
Through discipline comes freedom.
Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Sometimes even the wisest of men and machines can be in error.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Remember, Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
Well-behaved women seldom make history.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don’t always like.
Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
You can’t stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you; You have to go to them sometimes.
Go then, there are other worlds than these.
